What is the population of Australia ?
What is the population of Belgium in 2010 ?
How many Americans ?
How populated is India ?
How many people in Syria ?
How many immigrants in Canada since 2000 ?
How many foreigners in Denmark ?
How is the immigration in Spain ?
How many non French live in France ?
Immigration in Europe
How many poors in USA in 2014 ?
How many person considered poor in Germany ?
How many people under the poverty line ?
Poverty rate in Asia evolution
Poverty figures in the UK
Unemployement in Netherlands
How many people without a job because of coronavirus ?
Unemployement rate Europe since economic crisis
Labor force in China
Number of people with multiple jobs USA
Employment evolution in South America
How many job losses due to crisis ?
Lowest unemployement rate since 50 years
Highest unemployement in the world
Name the top 5 best countries to find a job
How much cost per kilowatt-hour ?
Prices of the kw in the world
Electricity price Germany
Lowest energy price in the world
Evolution of the electricity cost
What is the minimum wage in Canada ?
Which countries have a minimum wage ?
Highest minimum wages in the world
Countries without minimum salary in the world
Is there a minimum wage in the USA ?
Highest inflation rate in the world
What is the inflation in Italy ?
Countries with a negative inflation
Which countries has a higher inflation than USA ?
Evolution of the inflation in Poland since WW2
Countries by public debt
Number of countries with debt higher than 100% of the gdp
Public debt of Germany
What is the country with the lowest public debt
Most indebted countries in the world
GDP growth China in 2018
French GDP growth over the 5 last years
Countries with falling GDP in 2020
Highest GDP growth in the UK since the world war
India GDP evolution
GDP per capita in Luxembourg
Who has the highest GDP in the world ?
Best GDP per capita in the world
Tell me how rich is South Africa ?
What is the lowest GDP per capita ?
Who live the longest on earth ?
Rank the countries by life expectancy
Countries with life expectancy above 80
GDP per capita for the best countries in terms of life expectancy
How long does an European live in average ?
Average salary in Brazil
Give me the median salary in Portugal
Show me the countries in terms of income
How many does the average american make ?
What is the average income in Russia ?
Percentage of persons with a PhD in Switzerland
Number of students in Croatia
How many tech students in the UK ?
Number of Master students in Germany in 2017
Undergraduates in the US
How many cereals does France produce each year ?
Best agricultural yield in the world 
How many hectares cultivated in India ?
What does Spain produce the most ?
Country with most agriculture
Percentage of energy produced by solar power in Japan
Country with most important wind power in the world
Electricity price by nuclear power in the world
Favorite substainable energy in Europe
What are the countries still using coal as source of electricity in 2020 ?